Forms/Deploy release notes (#4996)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-deploy/release-notes.md

### Deploy Contrib 4.2.0, 9.1.0 and 10.1.0 (September 22nd 2022)

*   All changes listed under 4.2.0-rc001, 9.1.0-rc001 and 10.1.0-rc001
*   Fixed issue with transfer of nested content string values using item templates (i.e. commencing with "{{") that were erroneously considered as JSON.

### [Deploy 4.7.0-rc001](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.7.0), [9.5.0-rc001](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.5.0) and [10.1.0-rc001](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.1.0) (September 7th 2022)

*   Introduced and used caching in deploy operations to improve performance.
*   Increased default and added setting for disk operation timeouts [#135](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/135)
*   Single language content transfers [#132](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/132)
*   Scheduled content transfers.
*   Corrected transfer of unpublished content status [#131](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/131)

> *   Improved UX and descriptions in back-office settings dashboard [#118](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/118)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Improved UX and descriptions in backoffice settings dashboard [#118](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/118)
```

*   Added ability to download Deploy artifacts (.uda files) as a zip archive from the management dashboard.
*   Added sort options to the schema comparison view in the management dashboard [#115](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/115)
*   Indented the JSON representation of data type configuration details in the .uda files for ease of review [#85](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/85)
*   Fixed issue with transfer of Forms prevalue sources from text files that include captions.

> *   Ensured document type validation messages are transferred between environments [#137](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/137)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Ensured Document Type validation messages are transferred between environments [#137](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/137)
```

### Deploy Contrib 4.2.0-rc001, 9.1.0-rc001 and 10.1.0-rc001 (September 7th 2022)

*   Used caching in value connectors to improve performance.

### [Deploy 4.6.2](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.2), [9.4.2](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.4.2) and [10.0.3](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.0.3) (August 16th 2022)

> *   Aligned Git URL displayed in back-office with that in Cloud Portal (V4 only) [#136](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/136)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Aligned Git URL displayed in backoffice with that in Cloud Portal (V4 only) [#136](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/136)
```

*   Fixed issue with deployment of root node value for Umbraco Forms's "save as Umbraco node" workflow [#133](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/133)
*   Fixed incorrect availability of workspace restore in production environment (V9 and V10 only)
*   Added close button to "Transfer now" dialog
*   Resolved registration of deployable types to support configuration for "back-office edition".

### [Deploy 4.6.1,](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.6.1) [9.4.1](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F9.4.1) and [10.0.2](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F10.0.2) (July 12th 2022)

*   Resolved issue with media restore when database items exist and files don't [#123](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/123)
*   Added details of failed deployment to deploy dashboard [#120](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/120)

> *   Added copy button for deploy log in the back-office [#121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/121)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Added copy button for deploy log in the backoffice [#121](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/121)
```

*   Added support for deployment of CMS tabs and groups
*   Fixed issue with JSON detection causing issues using square brackets in grid content [#70](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/70)

### Deploy 9.0.0 (September 27th 2021)

*   V9 release on .NET 5 compatible with CMS V9.

### [Deploy 4.2.0](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.2.0) (September 14th 2021)

*   All updates listed for 4.2.0-rc001
*   Fixed issue with deploying Form prevalues with Forms versions < 8.5 [#23](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues/23)[](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/110)

### Deploy 2.1.4 and 4.1.4 (September 7th 2021)

*   Resolution of issue with failed extractions on vNext infrastructure.

### [Deploy 4.2.0-rc001](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F4.2.0+) (August 19th 2021)

*   Added support for deployment of form folders [#75 (Forms)](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Forms.Issues/issues/75)

> *   Added support for back-office transfer of data from custom packages or solutions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Added support for backoffice transfer of data from custom packages or solutions 
```
